I told you, Ji Won...
(Episode 18)
I mean, sir.
I told you to take some calming pills.
Were you that nervous?
To the point that you walked like this?
- Mr. Kim. - Yes?
Stop it already.
I mean, even I got so nervous that my heart almost stopped.
Will you do it like this for our meeting with the model next week?
That was awesome. So cool.
Goodness, you barely have any stuff.
Did you take your winter clothes and underwear?
You should take some water pouch and painkillers.
Right, did you take sleeping socks and a blindfold?
I'm taking everything I need.
If I'm missing something, I can always buy it.
You're always looking for a chance to spend money.
You should just get married, not boast about moving out.
Mom, I'm telling you once again.
I am determined not to get married. I am an independent woman.
I told you that I will live an independent life,
and you also agreed.
If you made food whenever you talked back, you'd feed the whole nation.
Take this.
What is this?
I don't know. I'm not seeing you off.
Of course. There's no need. I'm leaving. Bye.
Gosh, that brat.
Is that the fridge? That's fine.
And the closet...
It's okay. It's fine.
The bed. It'll be fine once I put the bedding on. It's usable.
Everything is good enough.
Except for you.
Hey, objectively speaking, I'm the best thing in this room.
Ah Reum, pack your stuff. You should go home.
I'll take you back.
Don't you want me to be happy?
How dare you try to stop me instead of congratulating me?
- This place is great. - Great?
Wow, you are completely blinded.
You said this place is furnished. Where is the furniture?
Is this fridge part of the furnishing?
Look at this. You won't get any sunlight.
Look at the color of the wallpapers.
When it rains, it'll get moldy.
And do you like bugs?
It looks like you'll see one every single day.
Give me the number of the real estate guy. I'll get you out.
Forget it. Go.
- Go home. - Stop it. The dust.
- Go. - Stop it, I mean it.
You were the number one most researched guy.
Your name didn't go down all night. I don't need any vitamins anymore.
It felt really great.
I had no idea you were hungry for success...
- over the last 20 years. - Do you know what my dream is?
It's to count cash until my fingerprints get worn out.
I can't make that come true.
I can't do that for you.
You can. Why?
Because we just got an offer for a TV ad.
- A TV ad? - Look in the side pocket.
(Rubber glove commercial)
Why did I get this commercial?
It's for the both of you. You and Jin Jin.
The newlyweds.
Don't you think it'll be so sweet?
Let's do it. You're doing it, okay?
Jin Jin and rubber gloves?
You're peaking all over again.
Your skin's so much clearer.
Since you started "We Got Married".
You're so popular. It's no joke.
People were looking up Anthony until early morning.
- Really? - You're his fans' hope and dream.
They're living vicariously through you.
I totally understand. It's a crazy honor and blessing.
There he is. Anthony.
- Hello. - Hello.
Are you feeling better, Jin Jin?
Yes. I'm all better now.
Very nice. One more take. Okay.
Look at the camera. Very nice.
Once more.
That's just great.
Look at the camera now.
Okay. A bit more.
Very nice.
Hug each other warmly.
That's great.
Look at each other.
Nice.
Look lovingly at each other. Great.
That's great.
That's a wrap. Well done, and thanks.
- Well done. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - Great job.
- Thanks. - Thank you.
You were like someone else.
You always trembled around Anthony, but not today.
You have no idea. I was shaking so badly.
- You're a liar. - It's true.
You did much better than expected.
- I haven't done many couple shoots. - It's fine.
- It was great. - It's true.
- Hey, Jin Jin. - Yes?
- Can I ask you something? - Sure.
It's about the commercial.
What commercial?
Did President Jang not tell you yet? Well...
- Do you think... - Wait.
- Jin Jin. - Yes?
The hamburger place you mentioned... Can I have the number?
Sure. Just a moment.
Here.
Thanks.
Are you still here? Get lost.
You're lucky I stayed.
Hey, it's really clean.
Don't you let yourself go because you moved out.
Although you're a total slob already.
You're even worse.
I'm blessed in that sense.
What are you talking about? Is that them?
It's not Jin Jin?
- Hello. - Hello.
- Hey. - You didn't wash your hands.
- Jung Woo Sung? - Gong Ji Won?
It's great to see you again.
Yes, Sorry, I didn't wash my hands after cleaning up.
- You haven't changed at all. - Why is he here?
My face went through turbulent times.
It's great to see you. I'm glad you look the same.
- Yes. - A housewarming party?
I came to help clean up.
I'm done here. I have to go to work. I'm on the night shift.
I thought Jin Jin would be here. That's why I stayed.
She's on her way.
- Is she? - Yes.
Should I stay, or should I not?
- You shall not. - Right? I should go.
- Go. - See you.
- What a pity. - Bye.
- Thank you. - See you again.
- Bye. - Take care.
Are you and Jung Woo Sung...
Hey, would you kiss him?
Gosh, no. No way.
It takes 0.1 second to judge a man.
Whether you can kiss the guy or not.
If you can't kiss him, you don't stand a chance of dating him.
- It's a no. - Okay.
What? Why are you giving me that look?
Go home, okay?
It's dark. I must come with you.
My friend lives just there. Go before I turn nasty.
- See you. Bye. - Jin Jin.
Jin Jin.
Yes. Yes.
The second alley past the convenience store.
Don't go towards the motels.
I see the convenience store.
- Do you? - Yes.
- Okay, I'll come out. - Okay.
- I'll go. - What?
Let me go.
Cheers.
The second alley? Is that the one?
Is this not it?
Oh no.
The receiver cannot answer the phone...
Sa Jin Jin.
Where does she live?
Where am I?
Sa Jin Jin.
Jin Jin.
Jin Jin! Jin!
Sa Jin Jin!
Gong Ji Won.
- I thought I would die. - What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you?
You should've stayed there.
Don't go wandering off.
I'll come to you. Just wait.
Why don't you ever listen?
[VIU Ver] E18 20th Century Boy & Girl
"I Hate Myself The Most"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Are they gone?
I almost fell asleep.
We did this much. The rest is up to them.
They should get the hint.
Shall we drink beer all night?
No. You can go.
I'll stay the night. You can't sleep alone on your first night.
You'll be too scared.
I won't be. I'll enjoy the life of a non-married woman.
Sleep in your comfortable bed.
I'll be fine. I'll really be okay.
Do you like living alone?
It's paradise on earth.
You can't live alone when you've never washed your underwear before.
I hope you have a daughter just like you.
Then you'll know how I feel.
I said I won't get married. I'll just date men.
Okay, fine. Just find a date.
I will, okay? I will.
I liked your parcel.
A nice assortment.
Here's my compliment. Thank you.
How can I sleep without you?
Don't be so silly.
I have to watch a drama.
Okay. Bye.
This is stupid. I'm 35.
See you.
No.
I hate seeing your back.
I hate you being angry.
You didn't care when I was sick and disappeared like that.
I hate that you don't care!
What's this mess?
I hate myself the most.
I hate myself for being...
in this mess because of you.
No.
I hate seeing your back.
I hate you being angry.
You didn't care when I was sick and disappeared like that.
I hate that you don't care!
Did you have breakfast?
Yes.
Why don't you come to eat with us?
Are you not starving at home?
You don't look well.
Why do you look like you barely get any gruel?
Do you work a lot?
I slept in.
I'll wake up in time for breakfast.
Yes, you do that.
A good breakfast gives you energy for the day.
Right.
Are you going on a business trip?
Yes. And I'll see my brother.
Yes, yes.
How would we have known Director Shin had his eyes on you?
The role is just perfect for you.
Anyway, you'd better risk your life on this interview.
Oh, by the way, you know...
the director has a nasty temper, right?
Just give in like a wet leaf on the ground.
Then we'll go to Cannes.
There you go again.
Don't get your hopes up. You'll just get that much disappointed.
I'm so excited.
It's your birthday.
Could this be a present?
And Director Shin just happened to live on Jeju Island?
This is a gift from your mother.
This is meant to be.
Stop being so silly.
Anyway, have fun celebrating with Ji Won,
and good luck with Director Shin.
I'll join you early tomorrow morning.
I'll expect good news.
This is from my mom.
Thanks, Mom.
I wish I were born in the spring.
Mom would feel less cold.
Fall is a romantic season. The sky's so blue.
Is it?
Thanks to your mom, I get to visit Jeju Island every year,
take a break, and not worry about what to get you.
It's lovely.
How was she born on Jeju Island?
I wonder too.
My mom's such a great person.
That's why you should...
care more about your birthday.
How upset would your mom be to know you don't...
care about your birthday?
She'll say, "My poor son doesn't even get any birthday soup."
For her sake alone,
let people congratulate you and give you presents.
No.
I just need you.
What?
You're my biggest gift.
Aren't I yours?
You aren't. Of course, you aren't.
- What? - My goodness.
Your neck looks too short in that.
- Does it? - Your neck...
Yes, I think so too.
Your torso looks too long.
Does it?
- Hong Hee, does it? - Your torso...
It looks too long.
Yes, I think so too.
I liked this.
Jin Jin, this is it. We'll take this.
- Hong Hee, is this it? - Yes.
Why are you so picky?
Who made you the fashionista you are?
It's all thanks to my picky and great sense of style.
It is, right?
Is it fun to be on "We Got Married"?
Yes.
What about Jin Jin?
What do you think about her?
Jin Jin?
She's nice, pretty,
- and she's like the moonlight. - What?
She lingers on.
What about you? What's Jin Jin to you?
What's Jin Jin like as a childhood friend?
She's nice and pretty.
- And she's like the starlight. - What?
She twinkles.
Both of them are in the sky.
- President Gong. - Hey, you're here.
Where have you been while skipping work?
You don't have to know everything.
How did the meeting preparation go? I heard you stayed up last night.
Yes, I slept very well on the flight.
I couldn't even say hi to the flight attendants.
Instead, let's go say hi...
to our buyers.
Next is a graph of the analysis of the ingredients...
included in the hot spring products.
Using this as a background,
we'll share our marketing strategy to dive into the global market.
(Mineral Ingredients in Hot Spring Products)
As you can see from the graph,
our products are rich in mineral,
and we'll continue to develop products that stand out.
Not only that, but we're developing and researching nonstop...
for unique ingredients to improve our products.
(National Chemicals Overseas Buyers' Meeting)
Gosh, Mr. Yu. We need more investors.
- The scenario is really great. - I'll help you out too.
I wrote it with a lot of effort. You haven't read it, have you?
- Send it to me. - I will.
Ms. Choi is really persistent, right?
You're Anthony, whom Choi Jeong Eun sent over.
Yes, I'm Lee Chul Min.
Is there a Terius?
How about an Albert?
- Right? And an Archie. - Archie!
You have a great memory. How did you remember that?
Even when I'm lonely or sad
Thank you for joining us. Please call us back. Safe flight.
- Thank you. - Have a good day.
Thank you, bye.
That was a difficult pitch.
I really need more sugar. I mean it.
What do we need now?
A cup of coffee. Let's get a strong cup.
- I have to stop by my room. - Sure.
- I'll be there soon. - Okay.
- Hey, isn't he that guy? - Who?
- Anthony's brother. - Who's Anthony?
Anthony, the character from "Candy Candy"?
You idiots. Sa Jin Jin's husband from "We Got Married".
Oh, the guy who married Sa Jin Jin?
Hey, but Anthony's brother is much better-looking than he is.
- He's so handsome. - Ask him if he's his brother.
- You ask. - Why would I?
Gosh, I like your thighs.
I see why madams love you.
You get a lot of calls, don't you?
- No. - I think you would.
Look at your body. Fantastic.
- Right, wasn't he an idol star? - Were you an idol star?
Yes.
Idol stars are very problematic.
They start acting without a foundation,
and they always hear things about how horrible they are.
Aren't you doing pretty well now thanks to your idol star days?
He's on "We Got Married" with Sa Jin Jin.
Sa Jin Jin? That Sa Jin Jin?
He's her husband.
I heard she's been a fan since she was young.
Sa Jin Jin...
She wouldn't sleep with me.
Did you sleep with her? You did, didn't you?
Come on, it's between us.
Was she great?
I can tell that you gave her a good time.
She'll have a funny walk very soon.
If you see a brat who's walking funny...
- on the street... - How dare you?
What's with him? Let go of me.
- Who do you think you are? - My gosh.
You jerk, let me go. Don't you know your place?
Do you know who I am?
- He's right! Let go of him! - Do you know?
- My gosh. - Let go of me.
Are you okay?
- You impudent punk. - What a rude, little jerk.
- Do you know who I am? - I don't.
And I don't want to know.
Chul Min.
What brings you here?
(Children of 20th Century/20th Century Boy & Girl)
What's for the honeymoon? Anywhere you want to go?
You have to be careful not to create scandals.
Is something going on with Anthony?
He's so cool that I can't do anything about him.
- I know that. - You couldn't sleep...
- because of Jin Jin? - Yes.
I've been wanting to set Mr. Gong up on a blind date,
but he refused me so often.
Please don't misunderstand. We're just friends.
Why did it have to be us?
- You should go. - I'm not going on the blind date.